Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?                                                                      The client who was a company called DriverPass wanted to create a sytem for young drivers to pass their driving tests on the first attempt. The system had to keep in mind of the multiple users that would access it and content being shared. Since it was a driving company the system was designed to allow registerd users to make and modify appointments with a certified instructor. Track all the custormers driving progress.The system should be bug free always since somebody was watching over the system.  
What did you do particularly well?                                                                                                                                                 What I thought went well was my understanding of UML diagrams. I really thought my diagrams were good and you can tell what they represent from looking at it. It gave me a better understanding of analyzing systems and representing abstract concepts visually.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?                                                             I would choose the class diagrams. Doing more research on the numbers and symbols that went along with making a class diagram would have helped out alot. I could ask the teacher for more advise on how to better understand making these diagrams also. But overall for the work I did I believe it was good enough for the developer to start a project.           
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?                              We started off by taking notes off the interview that was held between key members. From there we made diagrams that would show what the system would do and what requirements to make it run smoothly without any bugs. Having many use cases helped out because it could let us capture each need the user wanted. It is important to consider the users needs because it is their project you are working for and customer satisfaction should always be the number one goal when working with any users.  
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?                                                    One of the most important lessons I learned from this course is an iterative design approach. Using this method, I worry less about capturing all the details initially, which used to bog my speed down. I use repetitive passes over a project with each subsequent turn providing deeper insight and including more details than the last. I will continue to hone this technique in future projects.
